Hi everyone, it's Maggie :)
Please read these instuctions before you start writing the code for our project, thank you!

If you are unclear how the game works, do clarify with me in our groupchat or read the instructions I have written below
after the timeline.
Since the instructions are based on my understanding of the game, do let me know if you would like to change how our game works.

Instructions:

  I suggest everyone first write your code into the wheel of fortune templete in glassroom.
  When you finish writing the code (ensuring that it works), copy it into the 'functions' file.
  Before you commit the changes, ensure you click the option to create a new branch for the commit and start a pull request.
  This way, the group can review your changes and discuss whether to integrate it into our final code.
  *Also start a pull request when you are are editing a previous code you have written.

  If you have spotten mistakes in another group member's code (eg, it does not align with the game instructions), do not
  immediately change it but inform the group in the groupchat so we can decide together how to fix it.

  Refer to the functions file to see what function you are supposed to do. If you are unclear what the function is meant to do,
  ask me in the gc. If you are unable to complete the code, you may request to do another one if someone else is willing to swap with you.

Timeline:

  I hope we can writing each function by Sunday and finshing editing it on Monday. I will combine the functions together to form
  the main body on Tuesday. I may get you guys to change some parts of your code on tuesday as well, so free up your schedule.
  I only expect everyone to complete the code by Monday. (except joel cuz he has to go to school, but please try and finish your part)
  I won't be free on Monday morning, so I hope when I come back in the afternoon, you guys have written most of the code.
  Good luck everyone!

Wheel of Fortune Intructions:

  At the start of the game, the game engine should tell the user how many characters the secret word
  has. Display this by a sequence of dashes. 
  
  The amount of money at the start of the game is $0.
  
  In each turn, the player has the option to:
  Option 1: Spin the wheel and guess a consonant
  Option 2: Buy a vowel (if the player has enough money)
  Option 3: Solve the puzzle (guessing the entire word)
  
  If the user choose the option to spin the wheel, the spin result should be generated. 
  The spin result is a sum of money (randomised, from a range of $100 - $1000 with an interval of $50) that will be added 
  to the player's total if the letter is in the puzzle answer.
  If the wheel lands on "BANKRUPT", the total sum of money the player has drops to $0. 
  
  If the user choose to buy a vowel, $250 will be deducted from the user’s score and if the vowel is in the puzzle, 
  display all instances of the vowel. 
  If the vowel is not in the puzzle, inform the user so.

  If the user choose the option to solve the puzzle, The guess is considered “valid” only if all the
  conditions are satisfied:
  Condition 1: The guess is a string of the same length as the puzzle.
  Condition 2: The player has not guessed this word in the previous turns.
  Note that user is allowed to guess a word that is not in English (e.g. ABCDE).
  The player should be prompted to start the next turn if the guess is invalid.

  For this game, the player loses the game if he/she is still not able to solve the puzzle correctly after
  the 10th turn; the player wins the game if he/she can solve the puzzle before the end of the 10th turn.\

  
